CFINSPEC-5 Added more detailed description about waivers expiration date. (#5806)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/waivers.md

  justification: "reason for waiving this control"
```

- `expiration_date` is optional. Absence means the waiver is permanent. If the expiration date is `2019-10-15` then

>   it expires at `00:00` on the 15th of October. This considers the system date and time on which you are executing the inspec command to verify the expiration date.

Reviewer: Is this 15th of October UTC or an offset based on the computer it's running on?

Author: The offset is based on the computer it's running on.

Reviewer: Cool, can we be explicit about that please?

It's a tad confusing :)

Author: I think I covered that by mentioning that it considers the system date and time on which you are executing the inspec command. Could you please suggest what I should change in that?

> - `expiration_date` is optional. Absence means the waiver is permanent. If the expiration date is `2019-10-15` then
>   it expires at `00:00` on the 15th of October. This considers the system date and time on which you are executing the inspec command to verify the expiration date.

Reviewer 2: How about this:
```suggestion
- `expiration_date` sets the day that the waiver file will expire in YYYY-MM-DD format. Waiver files expire at 00:00 at the local time of the system on the specified date. Waiver files without an expiration date are permanent. `expiration_date` is optional.
```
